=== FULL TEXT ===
​
គម្រោងសញ្ញាបត្រវិស្វករ
ថ្ងៃទី     ខែ        ឆ្នាំ ២០២៦
ថ្ងៃទី	ខែ	ឆ្នាំ ២០២៦
ប្រធានបទ:
សហគ្រាស: ក្រុមហ៊ុន ឬក្រសួង......................
ប្រធានដេប៉ាតឺម៉ង់:	បណ្ឌិត លិន មង្គលសិរី
សាស្រ្តាចារ្យដឹកនាំគម្រោង:	លោក​​
អ្នកទទួលខុសត្រូវក្នុងសហគ្រាស:	លោក
រាជធានីភ្នំពេញ
DEPARTMENT DE MATHEMATIQUES APPLIQUEES ET STATISTIQUES
MEMOIRE DE FIN D’ETUDES
DE M./Mlle. ……………….
Date de soutenance : le         	        2026
« Autorise la soutenance du mémoire »
Directeur de l’Institut:
Phnom Penh, le              2026
Titre: :
Etablissement du stage:	………………………….……………
Chef du département:	Dr.​ LIN Mongkolsery
Tuteur de stage:	M.
Responsable de l’établissement:	M.
PHNOM PENH
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
I would like to express my sincere gratitude to my academic advisor, Dr. [Advisor’s Full Name], and co-advisor, [Co-advisor’s Name], for their continuous guidance, encouragement, and invaluable support throughout this thesis. Their expertise and insights have been essential to the completion of this work. I also extend my thanks to my industry supervisor, [Supervisor’s Name], at [Company Name], for their practical guidance and technical support during my internship/research period. 

My heartfelt appreciation goes to the members of the thesis committee and reviewers for taking the time to evaluate my work and provide constructive feedback. Their comments have helped me improve the quality and rigor of this research .

I would also like to express my gratitude to the Department of Applied Mathematics and Statistics (AMS) at the Institute of Technology of Cambodia, particularly to Dr. LIN Mongkolsery, and lecturers in AMS who have taught and guided me throughout the program.  I am also thankful to department secretary, Ms. CHHEANG Sreypich, for her administrative and academic support. I would like to extend my deepest gratitude to the rector of ITC, Dr. PO Kimtho, for leading an institution that fosters academic excellence and research.

I gratefully acknowledge the financial support received from [Name of Scholarship or Funding Organization], which enabled me to focus on my studies and complete this research. (if there exist)

Last but not least, I would like to thank my beloved family and friends for their unwavering support, encouragement, and understanding. Their presence has been a constant source of motivation throughout my academic journey."
អត្ថបទសង្ខេប
ABSTRACT
An abstract is a summary of the content of your report.
It should be included:
Present your Project / Topic.
Briefly explain the problems and objectives of your project.
Briefly explain the solution for those problems.
Give a short conclusion and discussion.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT	I អត្ថបទសង្ខេប	II
SUMMARY	III
ABSTRACT	IV
TABLE OF CONTENTS	V
LIST OF FIGURES	VII
LIST OF TABLES	VIII
LIST OF ABBREVIATIONS	IX
INTRODUCTION	1
1.1. 	Presentation of Internship	1
Objective of Internship	1
Duration of Internship	1
1.2. 	Presentation of Organization	1
General Information of Company	1
Services of Company	1
Vision & Mission	1
Organization Chart	1
Address & Contact	1
PRESENTATION OF THE PROJECT	2
General Presentation of Project	2
Problematic	2
Objective………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………. 2
Planning of Project………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………… 2
LITERATURE REVIEW…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………. 3
PROJECT ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS………………………………………………………………………………………………….. 4
4.1. 	FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS	4
NON-FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS……………………………………………………………………………………………….4
TOOL AND TECHNOLOGY REQUIREMENTS……………………………………………………………………………………. 4
DETAIL CONCEPT	5
IMPLEMENTATION	6
Project Topology	6
Steps of Implementation………………………………………………………………………………………………………………. 6
Configuration	6
CONCLUSION	7
Completed Functions	7
Uncompleted Function	7
Difficulties	7
Perspective	7
REFERENCES	8
Appendices	9
Report Format	10
LIST OF FIGURES
LIST OF TABLES
LIST OF ABBREVIATIONS
An abbreviation is a shortened version of a term or phrase, e.g. kg for kilogram or Dr. for doctor.
I.	INTRODUCTION
1.1. 	Presentation of Internship
Describe overall your internship. It should be included:
The duration of your internship (4 or 6 months)
Your workplace (Ex: (CADT) which is located at 2nd bridge…)
Your Role (Ex: IT support, Research assistant,...)
Your Project (Ex: My project is to build a redundant web server,...)
Your responsibility (Ex: your responsibility for that project)
1.1.1. Objective of Internship
Describe the benefits or pros of the Internship (Paragraph).
1.1.2. Duration of Internship
Indicate the duration of your internship (the day of starting and ending of your internship) and your working schedule should be included in this part.
1.2. Presentation of Organization
1.2.1. General Information of Company
Describe the overall of your company in which you have taken internship. The company’s Logo should be put in this part.
1.2.2. Services of Company
It can be found on the website of the company or ask your supervisor.
1.2.3. Vision & Mission
It can be found on the website of the company or ask your supervisor.
1.2.4. Organization Chart
It can be found on the website of the company or ask your supervisor.
1.2.5. Address & Contact
It can be found on the website of the company or ask your supervisor.
II. PRESENTATION OF THE PROJECT
2.1. General Presentation of Project
Describe the project overview. One of the most important sections is where you need to clearly explain the problem(s) and objective(s) of your project.
2.2. Problematic
Portray the existing issues that bring you the project.
2.3. Objective
The purposes or core value of the project or what we want because of the project.
2.4. Planning of Project
Planning of a project describes the whole process starting from the beginning of the internship till the end. To keep track of your work progress, it should be a table to show your schedule.
III.	LITERATURE REVIEW
Related Work
Describe the existing system or research paper.
What is the unique point of the system or research?
How can you improve from the existing research or system?
(Example: Can be existing apps, websites, software, or technologies reviews, previous work reviews)
IV.	PROJECT ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS
In this section, you need to give the details about the main functionalities/features of the project to fulfill your objective or to solve those problems.
To determine the functions of the project you need to do the  case study of requirements based on the Problems and Objectives.
4.1. FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS
The most important functionalities and/or features that you need to complete for solving the problems of your project.
4.2. NON-FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS
The additional requirements that​​ requirements are also important for your project.
4.3. TOOL AND TECHNOLOGY REQUIREMENTS
List the tools and technology (with a brief description) which are used in the project.
V.	DETAIL CONCEPT
Describe in detail(s) about the technology which is used in your project. It should be detail about:
⮚ What is that?
⮚ How does it work? (Process)
⮚ The architecture of that technology.
⮚ The essential points of the technology which made you choose this technology to implement in the project.
VI.	IMPLEMENTATION
6.1. Project Topology
It is very important to start with your project infrastructure. And in this section, you need to explain clearly about what you have done in this infrastructure.
6.2. Steps of Implementation
You need to list down the important steps of installation and configuration.
6.3. Configuration
In this section, you are recommended to input only the main configurations or only the result of the configuration.
VII.	CONCLUSION
7.1.  Completed Functions
You just need to list down the finished functional and non-functional requirements.
7.2.  Uncompleted Function
You need to list down the functions which were not accomplished.
7.3.  Difficulties
Technical difficulties from your project. (The difficulties which were faced during you implemented the project.)
7.4.  Perspective
Perspective is about what you want to do next for improving your project.
REFERENCES
A reference is a referral to another text or information and can refer to written sources (books, reports, articles).
Note: References should be written or generated in a website by following APA citation style. (APA7 is recommended).
Website:
https://www.citefast.com/?s=APA7#_Webpage
https://scholar.google.com/
etc.
Appendices
The full configurations of your project can be included in this section.
Report Format
Margin, Line Space, Font Size
